README.md, before:

# Facebook Pages Scraper
​
Extract public information from Facebook Pages.
​
- [Features](#features)
- [Cost of usage](#cost-of-usage)
- [Detailed step-by-step guide](#detailed-step-by-step-guide)
- [Input](#input)
- [Output](#output)
- [Displaying only posts without page information](#displaying-only-posts-without-page-information)
- [Limitations](#limitations)
- [Versioning](#versioning)
- [Upcoming features](#upcoming-features)
- [License](#license)
​
## Features
​
* Extract content from a Facebook page:
  * Scrape posts
  * Scrape comments
  * Scrape reviews
  * Option to filter by minimum and maximum date
* Get all page information, including:
  * Likes
  * Address (includes latitude/longitude)
  * Instagram profile
  * Twitter profile
  * Website
  * Services
  * Messenger URL
  * Telephone number
  * Check-ins
  * All other provided text information, e.g. awards, price range, mission
* Fetch businesses from the directory on https://www.facebook.com/biz/directory/
​
## Cost of usage
​
If you're new to Apify and haven't used up your 30-day trial of 20 shared proxies, you can run the actor for free.
​
If you are planning to use this actor to regularly scrape data from Facebook pages, please understand that exact usage varies and depends on each specific case (list of URLs, total amount, set up memory, country, etc).
​
To be more specific, you can expect that, e.g. under our Personal plan (USD 49 per month) you would be able to scrape around 20-30k posts monthly (without comments and reviews) or 10-20k posts monthly (including comments). When you scrape comments and reviews, the number decreases, as each post has a different URL and is scraped separately.
​
The cost of running your Facebook scraper on the Apify platform will depend on compute units (CU), memory, and datacenter proxies. Each of these can be adjusted in one of our custom plans.

If you want an exact quote, or have any technical questions, just email support@apify.com.
​
### Detailed usage information

One page and the posts on that page will take around 1-2 minutes for the default amount of information (3 posts, 15 comments) to be scraped. This estimate also depends on the proxy type used (i.e. residential vs. datacenter), block rate, retries, memory, and CPU allocated.
​
Usually, more concurrency is not better. 5-10 concurrent tasks can each finish in around 30-60 seconds, while 20 concurrent tasks can take up to 300 seconds each. You can limit concurrency by setting the MAX_CONCURRENCY variable.

The actor uses Puppeteer and the minimum memory you need to run it is 2048 MB. An actor with 2048 MB takes an average of 0.015 CU for each page on default settings. More "input page URLs" means more memory will be needed to scrape all pages.

### Usage tip

Limit the maxPosts parameter with a reasonable number so that you do not run out of memory and your results are saved. The scraping is carried out in such a way that, while scrolling the page, partial content is kept in memory until scrolling finishes.
​
## Detailed step-by-step guide
​
Read our tutorial on how to use the scraper. It includes screenshots and examples of how to scrape the Apify Facebook page, along with handy tips and advice on proxy usage.

https://blog.apify.com/how-to-scrape-facebook-pages-posts-comments-photos-and-more-425ebef352d8
​
## Input
​
Example input, only `startUrls` and `proxyConfiguration` are required (check `INPUT_SCHEMA.json` for settings):
​
```jsonc
{
    "startUrls": [
        { "url": "https://www.facebook.com/apifytech" },
        { "url": "https://www.facebook.com/biz/hotel-supply-service/?place_id=103095856397524" }
    ],
    "language": "en-US",
    "commentsMode": "RANKED_THREADED", // ["RANKED_THREADED", "RECENT_ACTIVITY", "RANKED_UNFILTERED"]
    "maxPosts": 3,
    "maxPostDate": "3 days", // or a static date in ISO format, like 2020-01-01
    "minPostDate": "1 day", // or statis date in ISO format
    "maxPostComments": 15,
    "maxCommentDate": "2020-01-01",
    "maxReviews": 3,
    "maxReviewDate": "2020-01-01",
    "scrapeAbout": true,
    "scrapeReviews": true,
    "scrapePosts": true,
    "scrapeServices": true,
    "proxyConfiguration": {
        "useApifyProxy": true,
        "apifyProxyGroups": ["SHADER"]
    }
}
```
​
## Output
​
```jsonc
{
    "categories": ["Hotel"],
    "info": [
        "Residenc", // ...
        "General Information\n" // ...
    ],
    "likes": 1538,
    "messenger": "https://m.me/22163", // ...
    "posts": [
        {
            "postDate": "2020-09-10T09:33:43.000Z",
            "postText": "Do Prahy opět", // ...
            "postImages": [
                {
                    "link": "https://www.facebook.com/Residen", //...
                    "image": "https://scontent-ort2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0" // ...
                }
            ],
            "postLinks": ["https://residen"], // ...
            "postUrl": "https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=", // ...
            "postStats": {
                "comments": 1,
                "reactions": 32,
                "reactionsBreakdown": {
                    "like": 26,
                    "love": 6
                },
                "shares": 1
            },
            "postComments": {
                "count": 0,
                "mode": "RANKED_UNFILTERED",
                "comments": []
            }
        }
    ],
    "priceRange": "$$$",
    "title": "Hotel Resid", // ...
    "pageUrl": "https://www.facebook.com/Residen", //...
    "address": {
        "city": "Prague, Czech Republic",
        "lat": 50.09136,
        "lng": 14.42575,
        "postalCode": "11000",
        "region": "Prague",
        "street": "Haštalská 19"
    },
    "awards": [],
    "email": "", //...
    "impressum": [],
    "instagram": "@Residen", // ...
    "phone": "+420 22", //...
    "products": [],
    "transit": null,
    "twitter": "@Residen", //...
    "website": "http://", //...
    "youtube": null,
    "mission": [],
    "overview": [],
    "payment": null,
    "checkins": "2,082 people checked in here",
    "verified": false,
}
```
## Displaying only posts without page information
​
You can use the `unwind` parameter to display only the posts from your dataset on the platform, i.e.:
​
```
https://api.apify.com/v2/datasets/zbg3vVF3NnXGZfdsX/items?format=json&clean=1&unwind=posts&fields=posts,title,pageUrl
```
​
`unwind` will turn the `posts` property on the dataset to become dataset items themselves. the `fields` parameters makes sure to only include the fields that are important.
​
## Limitations
​
* Personal profiles and groups aren't accessible yet
* The "Likes" count is a best effort. The mobile page doesn't provide the count, and some languages don't provide any at all. So if a page has, e.g. over 1.9M likes, the number will most likely be 1,900,000 instead of an exact number.
* No content, stats or comments for live stream posts
* New reviews don't contain a rating from 1 to 5, but are rather positive or negative
* The cut-off date for posts happen on the original posted date, not the edited date, i.e: posts show as `February 20th 2:11AM`, but that's the edited date, the actual post date is `February 19th 11:31AM` provided on the DOM
* The order of items isn't necessarily the same as seen on the page, and is not sorted by date
* Comments on comments (nested comments / conversations) aren't included in the output, only top-level comments on the posts.
​
## Versioning
​
This project adheres to semver.
​
* Major versions means a change in the output or input format, and a change in behavior.
* Minor versions mean new features
* Patch versions mean bug fixes/optimizations (changes to `README.md` aren't tagged)
​
## Upcoming features
​
* Separated mode for posts, comments, and reviews (breaking change)
* Public groups
​
## License
​
Apache-2.0

Commit message:

change cost of usage section

README.md, after:

# Facebook Pages Scraper
​
Extract public information from Facebook Pages.
​
- [Features](#features)
- [Cost of usage](#cost-of-usage)
- [Detailed step-by-step guide](#detailed-step-by-step-guide)
- [Input](#input)
- [Output](#output)
- [Displaying only posts without page information](#displaying-only-posts-without-page-information)
- [Limitations](#limitations)
- [Versioning](#versioning)
- [Upcoming features](#upcoming-features)
- [License](#license)
​
## Features
​
* Extract content from a Facebook page:
  * Scrape posts
  * Scrape comments
  * Scrape reviews
  * Option to filter by minimum and maximum date
* Get all page information, including:
  * Likes
  * Address (includes latitude/longitude)
  * Instagram profile
  * Twitter profile
  * Website
  * Services
  * Messenger URL
  * Telephone number
  * Check-ins
  * All other provided text information, e.g. awards, price range, mission
* Fetch businesses from the directory on https://www.facebook.com/biz/directory/
​
## Cost of usage

There are two main components to take into account if you want to run Facebook Scraper on the Apify platform:

- [Compute units](https://apify.com/pricing/actors) - Used for running the scraper
- [Minimum Actor memory](https://apify.com/pricing) - The actor uses Puppeteer and the minimum memory you need to run it is 2048 MB. More "input page URLs" means more memory will be needed to scrape all pages.

The usage costs differ depending on depends on each specific case: list of URLs, total amount, set up memory, country, etc. When you scrape comments and reviews, the number of scraped posts decreases, as each post has a different URL and is scraped separately.

### Free plan

Apify provides a free plan where you can test your setup. With $5 platform usage credits, 30-day trial of 20 shared proxies and 4 GB maximum actor memory you can try the actor for free.

### Example pricing

Based on Apify's pricing at the time of writing the Personal plan ($49) would allow you to scrape about:
- 20-30k posts monthly without comments and reviews
- 10-20k posts monthly including comments
​
### Detailed usage information

One page and the posts on that page will take around 1-2 minutes for the default amount of information (3 posts, 15 comments) to be scraped. This estimate also depends on the proxy type used (i.e. residential vs. datacenter), block rate, retries, memory, and CPU allocated.
​
Usually, more concurrency is not better. 5-10 concurrent tasks can each finish in around 30-60 seconds, while 20 concurrent tasks can take up to 300 seconds each. You can limit concurrency by setting the MAX_CONCURRENCY variable.

The actor uses Puppeteer and the minimum memory you need to run it is 2048 MB. An actor with 2048 MB takes an average of 0.015 CU for each page on default settings. More "input page URLs" means more memory will be needed to scrape all pages.

### Usage tip

Limit the maxPosts parameter with a reasonable number so that you do not run out of memory and your results are saved. The scraping is carried out in such a way that, while scrolling the page, partial content is kept in memory until scrolling finishes.
​
## Detailed step-by-step guide
​
Read our tutorial on how to use the scraper. It includes screenshots and examples of how to scrape the Apify Facebook page, along with handy tips and advice on proxy usage.

https://blog.apify.com/how-to-scrape-facebook-pages-posts-comments-photos-and-more-425ebef352d8
​
## Input
​
Example input, only `startUrls` and `proxyConfiguration` are required (check `INPUT_SCHEMA.json` for settings):
​
```jsonc
{
    "startUrls": [
        { "url": "https://www.facebook.com/apifytech" },
        { "url": "https://www.facebook.com/biz/hotel-supply-service/?place_id=103095856397524" }
    ],
    "language": "en-US",
    "commentsMode": "RANKED_THREADED", // ["RANKED_THREADED", "RECENT_ACTIVITY", "RANKED_UNFILTERED"]
    "maxPosts": 3,
    "maxPostDate": "3 days", // or a static date in ISO format, like 2020-01-01
    "minPostDate": "1 day", // or statis date in ISO format
    "maxPostComments": 15,
    "maxCommentDate": "2020-01-01",
    "maxReviews": 3,
    "maxReviewDate": "2020-01-01",
    "scrapeAbout": true,
    "scrapeReviews": true,
    "scrapePosts": true,
    "scrapeServices": true,
    "proxyConfiguration": {
        "useApifyProxy": true,
        "apifyProxyGroups": ["SHADER"]
    }
}
```
​
## Output
​
```jsonc
{
    "categories": ["Hotel"],
    "info": [
        "Residenc", // ...
        "General Information\n" // ...
    ],
    "likes": 1538,
    "messenger": "https://m.me/22163", // ...
    "posts": [
        {
            "postDate": "2020-09-10T09:33:43.000Z",
            "postText": "Do Prahy opět", // ...
            "postImages": [
                {
                    "link": "https://www.facebook.com/Residen", //...
                    "image": "https://scontent-ort2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0" // ...
                }
            ],
            "postLinks": ["https://residen"], // ...
            "postUrl": "https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=", // ...
            "postStats": {
                "comments": 1,
                "reactions": 32,
                "reactionsBreakdown": {
                    "like": 26,
                    "love": 6
                },
                "shares": 1
            },
            "postComments": {
                "count": 0,
                "mode": "RANKED_UNFILTERED",
                "comments": []
            }
        }
    ],
    "priceRange": "$$$",
    "title": "Hotel Resid", // ...
    "pageUrl": "https://www.facebook.com/Residen", //...
    "address": {
        "city": "Prague, Czech Republic",
        "lat": 50.09136,
        "lng": 14.42575,
        "postalCode": "11000",
        "region": "Prague",
        "street": "Haštalská 19"
    },
    "awards": [],
    "email": "", //...
    "impressum": [],
    "instagram": "@Residen", // ...
    "phone": "+420 22", //...
    "products": [],
    "transit": null,
    "twitter": "@Residen", //...
    "website": "http://", //...
    "youtube": null,
    "mission": [],
    "overview": [],
    "payment": null,
    "checkins": "2,082 people checked in here",
    "verified": false,
}
```
## Displaying only posts without page information
​
You can use the `unwind` parameter to display only the posts from your dataset on the platform, i.e.:
​
```
https://api.apify.com/v2/datasets/zbg3vVF3NnXGZfdsX/items?format=json&clean=1&unwind=posts&fields=posts,title,pageUrl
```
​
`unwind` will turn the `posts` property on the dataset to become dataset items themselves. the `fields` parameters makes sure to only include the fields that are important.
​
## Limitations
​
* Personal profiles and groups aren't accessible yet
* The "Likes" count is a best effort. The mobile page doesn't provide the count, and some languages don't provide any at all. So if a page has, e.g. over 1.9M likes, the number will most likely be 1,900,000 instead of an exact number.
* No content, stats or comments for live stream posts
* New reviews don't contain a rating from 1 to 5, but are rather positive or negative
* The cut-off date for posts happen on the original posted date, not the edited date, i.e: posts show as `February 20th 2:11AM`, but that's the edited date, the actual post date is `February 19th 11:31AM` provided on the DOM
* The order of items isn't necessarily the same as seen on the page, and is not sorted by date
* Comments on comments (nested comments / conversations) aren't included in the output, only top-level comments on the posts.
​
## Versioning
​
This project adheres to semver.
​
* Major versions means a change in the output or input format, and a change in behavior.
* Minor versions mean new features
* Patch versions mean bug fixes/optimizations (changes to `README.md` aren't tagged)
​
## Upcoming features
​
* Separated mode for posts, comments, and reviews (breaking change)
* Public groups
​
## License
​
Apache-2.0
